MODULE-1:- 
Intro to machine learning(Practice Assignment):- 
1-Why is machine learning exciting? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1.It is involved in many business applications. 
2.It can automate tasks at human-level performance. 
2-Which of the following are examples of applications given in the first video? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1.Image recognition 
2.Playing Go 
3- True or false: Recent machine learning algorithms can identify classes in ImageNet as accurately as humans. 
ANS- True 
Logistic Regression(Practice Assignment):- 
1-What kind of outcomes does logistic regression predict? 
ANS- Binary (true/false) outcomes 
2- What does the sigmoid function do? 
ANS- It converts a real-valued number to a probability of a positive outcome. 
3-Can logistic regression draw an appropriate decision boundary between the classes of this data? 
ANS- No 
Multilayer Perceptron(Practice Assignment):- 
1-  Which one of the following best describes a difference between logistic regression and multilayer perceptron 
models? 
ANS- Logistic regression maps the feature vector to a single real-valued number, while multilayer perceptron 
maps the feature vector to multiple real-valued numbers. 
2- Which one of the following is the best synonym for "latent processes"? 
ANS- Filter 
3- Which of the following is the best interpretation for this mathematical expression? 
ANS- Map k latent feature probabilities through a logistic regression 
Deep Learning(Practice Assignment):- 
1- Which one of the following best characterizes deep learning? 
ANS- Multiple layers of latent processes 
2- Using a multilayer perceptron for document analysis, which of the following is the best interpretation of the 
layer 1 filters b_1 through b_K? 
ANS- Topics, such as sports or history 
3- Using a multilayer perceptron for document analysis, which of the following is the best interpretation of the 
layer 2 filters c_1 through c_J? 
ANS- Meta-topics, such as history of sports or politics of sports 
Model Selection(Practice Assignment):- 
1- Given the following image of data classifications, which of the following models would you choose? 
ANS- Multilayer perceptron 
2- Given the following image of data classifications, which of the following models would you choose? 
ANS- Multilayer perceptron 
3- Given different sets of training data, in which model would you expect more variance in the learned 
parameters? 
ANS- Multilayer perceptron 
History of Neural Networks(Practice Assignment):- 
1-When was the multilayer perceptron introduced? 
ANS-1960 
2-Why did neural networks not perform well "in the wild" in the early 1990s? 
ANS- Insufficient training data 
3-Which of the following contributed to neural networks outperforming humans in the task of image analysis? 
(Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1. Large set of training data 
2.GPU computational platform 
3.New, deeper network 
CNN Concepts (Practice Assignment) :- 
1-Which one of the following models, when used for image classification, can exceed the performance of 
humans? 
ANS- Convolutional neural network 
2-Which of the following best describes the hierarchical structure of images, listed from most complex to 
simplest? 
ANS- High-level motifs, sub-motif, and atomic elements 
3-In the CNN explained in this lesson, which of the following allows a classification decision to be made? 
ANS-Layer 3 feature map 
CNN Math Model (Practice Assignment) :- 
1-What is the outcome of convolving the layer 2 filters with the layer 1 feature maps? 
ANS- Layer 2 feature maps 
2-In general terms, the basic steps to do learning are: 
1. Obtain a large set of labeled data 
2. [ What goes here? ] 
3. Determine parameters that minimize the sum over loss 
Which of the following best describes the missing step 2? 
ANS- Determine the loss function, which computes loss between true label and model label 
3-Why is learning hard? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS 1. The parameter space is large 
2. The parameters are computationally expensive to compute 
3. There can be many local minima, even for two parameters 
Applications In Use and Practice (Practice Assignment) :- 
1-In the experiment where light was shined on mammalian retinas, what were found to be (almost exactly) the 
fundamental shapes that excited exactly one neuron? 
ANS- Layer 1 filters that CNN learns 
2-In the example network in this lesson, which layer of filter might have the shape of an eye in a CNN trained on 
real image data? 
ANS- Layer 2 filter 
3-Which of the following are example of deep CNNs given in the videos?  
Choose all that are correct. 
ANS- 1.Classifying images 
2.Captioning images 
3.Digit recognition 
4.Playing Go 
Week 1 Comprehensive :- 
1-Which of the following are necessary for supervised machine learning? (Choose all that are correct) 
ANS- 1. Labeled training data 
2.A model  
3.Learning from data  
2-What decision boundary can logistic regression provide? 
ANS-Linear 
3-What is the primary advantage of using multiple filters? 
ANS- This allows the model to look for subtypes of the classification. 
4-Which one of the following best describes transfer learning in the context of document analysis? 
ANS- Parameters at the top of the model are transferable across all people and documents, while the parameters 
at the bottom are different between individuals.  
5-Given the following image of data classifications, which of the following models would you choose? 
ANS- Logistic regression 
6-What new feature did neural networks acquire in 2010? 
ANS- A new name: Deep Learning  
*7-Which of the following is convolved with layer 2 features, or sub-motifs?  
ANS- Layer 3 feature map 
8-Which of the following gives the best conceptual meaning of convolution?  
ANS- Shifting a filter to every location in an image.  
9-What does transfer learning mean in the context of medical imaging? 
ANS- Weights of convolutional layers learned from ImageNet transfer to medical images, so we only need learn 
new parameters at the top of the network. 
10-What is the primary advantage of having a deep architecture?  
ANS- The model shares knowledge between motifs through their shared substructures.  
MODULE 2 :- 
Lesson One:- 
1-What is the purpose of a loss function? 
ANS- To define a penalty for poor predictions 
2-How is the loss function defined? 
ANS- Negative log-likelihood 
3-In the polynomial fitting example, which one of the following is an example of overfitting? 
ANS- Eighth order polynomial 
4- What is the “gold standard” validation strategy? 
ANS- Try on new real-world data 
5- When existing data is used to validate performance, into which of the following groups is data split? (Choose 
all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1.Training set 
2.Test set 
3.Validation set 
Lesson 2(Practice Assignment ):- 
1- Which one of the following best describes one iteration of gradient descent? 
ANS- Find the slope at the current point. Step in the direction that is “downhill.” 
2- What is the name for multidimensional slope? 
ANS- Gradient 
3- What is the primary difference between stochastic gradient descent and gradient descent? 
ANS- Stochastic gradient descent estimates the gradient by choosing a data point at random. 
4- What is a minibatch? 
ANS- Running a few data examples, rather than all of the data. 
5- What is early stopping? 
ANS- During optimization loop, check the validation loss, and stop when it stops improving. 
Week 2 Comprehensive :- 
*1- What does the equation for the loss function do conceptually? 
ANS- Mathematically define network outputs 
2- What is overfitting? 
ANS- Model complexity fits too well to training data and will not generalize in the real-world.  
3- Why should the test set only be used once? 
ANS- More than one use can lead to overfitting. 
4- Which two of the following describe the purpose of a validation set? 
ANS- 1.To estimate the performance of a model. 
2.To pick the best performing model. 
5- How do we learn our network? 
ANS- Gradient descent 
6- What technique is used to minimize loss for a large data set? 
ANS- Stochastic gradient descent 
7- Which of the following are benefits of stochastic gradient descent? 
ANS- 1.Stochastic gradient descent gets near the solution quickly. 
2.With stochastic gradient descent, the update time does not scale with data size. 
3.Stochastic gradient descent can update many more times than gradient descent. 
8- Why is gradient descent computationally expensive for large data sets? 
ANS-Calculating the gradient requires looking at every single data point. 
9- What are the two main benefits of early stopping? 
ANS- 1.It helps save computation cost. 
2.It performs better in the real world. 
10- Why are optimization and validation at odds? 
ANS- Optimization seeks to do as well as possible on a training set, while validation seeks to generalize to the 
real world. 
MODULE 3 :- 
Lesson One(Practice Assignment ):- 
1-What are sensitivity and specificity in the context of medical image diagnosis? 
ANS- Sensitivity is the ratio of true positives found to positives in the dataset, and specificity is the ratio of true 
negatives found to negatives in the dataset. 
2-In the figure from Gulshan et. al., how did the machine perform relative to the opthamologists for the task of 
diagnosing diabetic retinopathy? 
ANS- The machine outperformed 80% of ophthalmologists. 
3-A high value in the convolution indicates a ____________ feature. 
ANS- matched 
4-What is the result of convolving a filter with a two dimensional image? 
ANS- A heat map, where bright spots indicate feature detection. 
Lesson 2(Practice Assignment ):- 
1-What is meant by “volume” of feature maps? 
ANS- Combining all of the feature maps for different features into a stack. 
2-How is color accounted for in a filter? 
ANS- Three color channels are separated to create a volume filter. 
3-Which of the following are example activation functions? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1.Hyperbolic tangent function 
2.Sigmoid function 
3.Rectified linear unit 
*4.Linear function 
4-Which of the following operations are used in pooling? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1.Maximum 
2.Mean 
5-What is a fully connected layer? 
ANS- A layer in which each data point is connected via a weight to the upstream elements. 
Lesson 3(Practice Assignment ):- 
1-What is the goal of training the network? 
ANS- To learn filter parameters and the final readout weights that minimize the loss function. 
2-Which of the following is an example of leveraging all training data given in the lesson? 
ANS- Learning about the digit 9 by looking at the digit 7 
3-What is transfer learning? 
ANS- Taking a network trained on a large database to do a classification task, the doing additional training in the 
domain of interest. 
Week 3 Comprehensive :- 
1-Which of the following indicates whether a doctor or machine is doing well at finding positive examples in a 
data set? 
ANS- Sensitivity 
2-Which of the following is used to distinguish the false positive rate from the false negative rate? 
ANS-Specificity 
3-Which of the following is the best conceptual definition of one dimensional convolution? 
ANS- “Sliding” of two signals, where a matched feature gives a high value of convolution. 
*4-Which of the following can a user choose when designing a convolutional layer? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1.Filter weights 
2.Filter size 
3.Filter Depth 
4.Filter stride 
*5-What is a fully connected readout? 
ANS- A layer with connections to all feature maps. 
6-Why are nonlinear activation functions preferable? 
ANS- Nonlinear activation functions increase the functional capacity of the neural network by allowing the 
representation of nonlinear relationships between features in input. 
7-Which of the following are benefits of pooling? (Choose all that are correct.) 
ANS- 1. Encourages translational invariance. 
2. Combats overfitting. 
3. Reduces computational complexity. 
8-How are parameters that minimize the loss function found in practice? 
ANS- stochastic gradient descent 
9-Which of the following is an advantage of hierarchical representation of image features? 
ANS- Better leveraging all training data. 
10-Why does transfer learning work? 
ANS- Top – level features are specialized for a particular task ,while low-level features are universal to all images 
Lesson 1(Practice Assignment ):- 
1-What analogy highlights the purpose of word vectors? 
ANS- Two places near each other on a map are likely to have similar characteristics. 
2-What dimension is a typical word vector? 
ANS- More than two dimensions 
3-The result of convolving K filters with a text is N K-dimensional vectors. What is the result of a max pooling 
step? 
ANS- A K-dimensional vector 
4-In the example shown, what would be done after the max pooling step? 
ANS- Use existing methods to make a classification decision. 
Lesson 1(Practice Assignment ):- 
1- Which model is used in the example? 
ANS- Multilayer perceptron 
2- What is the soft max function? 
ANS- A generalization of the logistic function. 
3- When does the soft max function reduce to the logistic function? 
ANS- When V = 2 
4-What is the goal of both of CBOW and Skip-Gram? 
ANS- To learn the model parameters from large corpus of text without human labeling. 
*5- What function is being maximized to learn the parameters of the model? 
ANS- The negative log likelihood for the nth word. 
Lesson 3 (Practice Assignment ):- 
1- What two entities are concatenated and sent into a neural network? 
ANS- The vector associated with the previous word and the hidden vector of the previous network. 
2- How many control neural networks are used in LSTM? 
ANS- 3 
3- Which of the following best describes what the f_n neural network does? 
ANS- Controls the degree of “forgetting” of the old memory cell. 
4- In the example of figure captioning, how are the parameters of the LSTM model initialized? 
ANS- From the features at the top of a CNN that analyzed the image. 
Week 4 Comprehensive:- 
1-What is meant by “word vector”? 
ANS- A vector of numbers associated with a word. 
2-Which word is a synonym for “word vector”? 
ANS- Embedding 
*3-What is the term for a set of vectors, with one vector for each word in the vocabulary? 
ANS- Embedding 
4-What is natural language processing? 
ANS- Taking natural text and making inferences and predictions. 
5-What is the goal of learning word vectors? 
ANS- Given a word, predict which words are in its vicinity. 
6-What function is the generalization of the logistic function to multiple dimensions? 
ANS- Soft max function 
7-What is the continuous bag of words (CBOW) approach? 
ANS- Vectors for the neighborhood of words are averaged and used to predict word n. 
8-What is the Skip-Gram approach? 
ANS- Word n is used to predict the words in the neighborhood of word n. 
9-What is the goal of the recurrent neural network? 
ANS- Synthesize a sequence of words. 
10-Which model is the state-of-the-art for text synthesis? 
ANS- Long short-term memory 
*module 5 have no Practice Assignment 
Module 6 :- 
Reinforcement Learning Quiz(Practice Assignment):- 
1- Why is there randomness in which state the agent will traverse to when it takes a particular action from its 
current state? In other words, why is it necessary to use P (s,a,a' )  to represent the probability of transiting from 
state s to new state s'  when taking action a ? 
Ans- The state s  typically doesn’t characterize all aspects of how an agent interacts with its environment. What 
is missing in the description of the state makes it impossible to know with certainty what the agent will do when 
taking action what will happen.2- What is a policy? 
Ans- A policy tells the agent/system which action is optimal to take next, when the agent is in a particular state. 
3- In our update rule for the Q-function we use the equation  
What role does the parameter α play?  
Ans- It defines the learning rate, which controls how quickly the old Q function is updated, based on the latest 
observed reward r (s,a,s' ) 
Q Learning Quiz(practice assignment) :- 
1- What is the difference between a myopic policy and a non-myopic policy? 
ANS- A myopic policy seeks to perform an action that achieves the immediate best reward, while a non-myopic 
policy seeks actions that account for the expected future value as well. 
2- The non-myopic reward is expressed as 
What role does the parameter γ play? 
ANS- All the above 
3-  
Maximization increases the rate at which the algorithm learns the optimal policy. 
ANS- This yields an approximation to the expected value of state  if the agent employs an optimal policy from 
the point of state  forward. 
4- After the Q-function Q (s,a ) is learned based on a sequence of state-action-reward experiences, how is it used 
to manifest a policy? 
ANS- The policy is defined by selecting at each state s the action a that maximizes  
Q (s ,a ). 
5- Why is there an issue of exploration vs. exploitation?  
ANS- The policy is learned based on a series of experiences of the agent within the environment of interest. If 
the policy is only exploited after it is learned, there is no opportunity to explore new actions in a given 
environment, and hence no opportunity to refine the policy and do better. But if too much exploration is done, it 
is possible the policy will not improve, and bad outcomes will occur by not taking optimal actions. 
Deep Q Learning Quiz(Practice Assignment):- 
1-In a deep Q network (DQN), how is the Q-function modeled?  
ANS- The Q function is modeled by a deep neural network. The current state is input to the network, and the 
number of network outputs is equal to the number of actions. The value of each of the outputs corresponds to 
the value of the corresponding action.  
2-Why does deep Q learning resemble supervised neural-network learning? 
ANS- The agent observes the immediate next reward, and it uses the old neural network parameters to model 
the expected future reward. These are both known at a given point of learning. The deep neural network is 
updated by seeking to fit the network parameters such that the model Q function equals the sum of the 
observed immediate reward and discounted approximate future reward . 
[* mark questions answer are wrong] 
Complete All the practice assignment and weekly comprehensive
